---
layout: post
title: "AMATH481: Homework 0"
date: 2016-09-26
tags: [a2016amath481]
categories:
  - teaching
---

{% include a2016amath481.md %}

Homework 0 is due 10/7. This homework is intentionally brief to 
allow you time to set-up MatLab, LaTeX, and
SCORELATOR. See below for more on these. 

- [download the assignment](/assets/courses/uw-amath-481-a-2016/hw0.zip) 
including the pdf, starter-code, and assorted files.
- [course notes](/assets/courses/uw-amath-481-a-2016/581-notes-kutz.pdf)

We recommend posting questions about the assignment
on the [discussion board](https://canvas.uw.edu/courses/1062858/discussion_topics) 
(enrolled students only).

#### Description

In homework 0, we ask you to implement the 
forward Euler method to model a simple 
pendulum.

#### MatLab

All of the scripting for the course will
be done in MatLab. There are many options for
MatLab access, see the important link section
of the course web page 
[here](/teaching/courses/uw-amath-481-a-2016/#links).

#### LaTeX

I strongly encourage you to use the 
LaTeX typesetting system for the write-up.
To help with this, the zip archive 
contains the TeX file used to generate the 
pdf of the assignment itself. For general
information on LaTeX typesetting, see the 
important link section of the course web page
[here](/teaching/courses/uw-amath-481-a-2016/#links).

#### Submitting code on SCORELATOR

Part of the coding will be graded automatically
using a system called SCORELATOR. Soon, you will
receive an email which will let you set up an 
account. SCORELATOR is hosted [here](http://carajillo.amath.washington.edu/)
and you can find instructions for using the website
[here](/assets/courses/uw-amath-481-a-2016/scorelator_student.pdf).

Please allow yourself plenty of time to submit
the script for this assignment. It can be a little 
tricky to figure out but you are allowed multiple 
submission attempts.
